rasa chat bot simple converstion

here c= customer , s=system
as the user open the web page bot should be active and it start the converation

it has 2 parts mainly when 1)customer wants to sell the car 2) customer wants to buy the car 

s: hello Welcome to the car market of  caradis.fr, how can i help you ?

c:i want to sell my car

s:are you registered to our website before? 

c:no

s:first you need to complete  the registartion process for our websites. to start registartion process follow this steps
  click on the login button>.registration>>fill the details

c: i completed the registration process how i can place my order
    
s:To place the order first ensure that you are loggin into the websited. then follow these steps
    1)go to my account>>api call management
    2) select your car name from the drop down menu
    3) purchase the api of the car by clicking on "purchase new api call"
    4) go to active orders >> search for car active order >> click on post order.

c: i want to buy car

s: our website conatins sevreal car lsiting on it can you specify the car's arrtributes (i.e. , car brand, car model , price ...)

c:i am looking for mercedes-benz cars

s: here is list of car models available in merceds-benz 

c: i am interested in G class models

s: Top 10 cars according to your specficiations are 
   1 ...
   2.... 
   3....
   4.....
   5.....

c: i am interested in the ... car , how i can buy it.

s: are you registered to our website before? 

c: no

s:first you need to complete  the registartion process for our websites. to start registartion process follow this steps
  click on the login button>.registration>>fill the details

c:i completed the registration process how i can place my order

s: To place the order first ensure that you are loggin into the websited. then follow these steps
   1) go to active orders>>select your car>>select the car price
mean values of the matter uu car vijor

   